this is a
and this is number two
and that was the land esmee and that is why the only students are on the
montessori school in wooden south they are very happy
culemborg
even though quite a few empty seats stand for the 4-year-old adam and esmee of five
just learn from their teacher nathalie it is of course not really a class
so i have to make a circle and test that really can't go in
descending went to talk a little crazy, well, that might not be such a thing
small class also has many advantages
I just like it as their baby
come to be scolded in their own neighborhood
because the other two locations of the Montessori school are on the north side
from wooden
always want to bring every kilometer or five and a mess
now the school is close to home
and those small classes proceeds to good
proud as an entrepreneur
on the ice and it is very good for it is also self confidence he is a real one
could have kept a paperwork with them in that regard
have twenty children instead
nice to go on the invitation but comes to the side
held to that but that was not in it
critics argue
also has the ns and also esmee think it's great to be taught so before they
Already looking forward to the arrival of more classmates
Just like the hair around the project, a lot of money was taken away
all
and of course here
I haven't missed it yet but no doubt I will come
gamble marry a colleague while drinking coffee
And then hope there are still five people
in October and November it will slowly fill up, then it will be less
couple
and the other seats are also occupied